A window was raised, and a clear voice demanded "What name?" To which my conductor replied,
"Pumblechook." The voice returned, "Quite right," and the window was shut again, and a young lady
came across the court-yard, with keys in her hand.
"This," said Mr. Pumblechook, "is Pip."
"This is Pip, is it?" returned the young lady, who was very pretty and seemed very proud; "come in, Pip."
Mr. Pumblechook was coming in also, when she stopped him with the gate.
"Oh!" she said. "Did you wish to see Miss Havisham?"
"If Miss Havisham wished to see me," returned Mr. Pumblechook, discomfited.
"Ah!" said the girl; "but you see she don't."
She said it so finally, and in such an undiscussible way, that Mr. Pumblechook, though in a condition of
ruffled dignity, could not protest. But he eyed me severely - as if I had done anything to him! - and
departed with the words reproachfully delivered: "Boy! Let your behaviour here be a credit unto them
which brought you up by hand!" I was not free from apprehension that he would come back to propound
through the gate, "And sixteen?" But he didn't.
My young conductress locked the gate, and we went across the court-yard. It was paved and clean, but
grass was growing in every crevice. The brewery buildings had a little lane of communication with it, and
the wooden gates of that lane stood open, and all the brewery beyond, stood open, away to the high
enclosing wall; and all was empty and disused. The cold wind seemed to blow colder there, than outside
the gate; and it made a shrill noise in howling in and out at the open sides of the brewery, like the noise of
wind in the rigging of a ship at sea.
She saw me looking at it, and she said, "You could drink without hurt all the strong beer that's brewed
there now, boy."
"I should think I could, miss," said I, in a shy way.
"Better not try to brew beer there now, or it would turn out sour, boy; don't you think so?"
"It looks like it, miss."
"Not that anybody means to try," she added, "for that's all done with, and the place will stand as idle as it
is, till it falls. As to strong beer, there's enough of it in the cellars already, to drown the Manor House."
"Is that the name of this house, miss?"
"One of its names, boy."
"It has more than one, then, miss?"
"One more. Its other name was Satis; which is Greek, or Latin, or Hebrew, or all three - or all one to me -
for enough."
"Enough House," said I; "that's a curious name, miss."
"Yes," she replied; "but it meant more than it said. It meant, when it was given, that whoever had this
house, could want nothing else. They must have been easily satisfied in those days, I should think. But
don't loiter, boy." 
